So, guys, now let us go through the steps regarding how you can integrate your study library with
the application.
Now, it might be possible that you're are already aware of these steps because these steps are too
basic if one has any experience with the libraries.
But in case if it is your first encounter with the library usage, then you will find this lecture video
quite useful.
So now the problem statement is that that suppose some developer who wrote doubly linked list library
and that developer provide you only had a file and the library fine.
That is the static library file right now.
You means that you are an application developer, that as you are writing an application and that application
needs to make use of this library, which is being provided to you by some other developer.
Right.
So the developer of the library is providing you only the header file and that static library file.
Not that as an application developer, you don't have a direct access to the source code of the list.
So you really do not know the internal implementation of public library.
However, you will know the signature or prototype of all the functions through this file.
So you can see that this had a file act as an interface between an application and the actual implementation
of a library.
So now you have written your application and let us say that a source file application, Dorsey represents
an application and this application needs to make use of the library in order to organize its internal
data structures.
So the problem statement is that how would you create an executable now, provided that you are given
the following two raw materials?
The first raw material is nothing, but it is a library file and it is a static library.
And of course, you need to have source file, which represents your application.
So the end goal is that that we need to create an executable which will finally execute so that the
steps that are involved in order to create this final executable is the following three steps.
And you can see that these steps are pretty much simple and straightforward.
In step one, you just compile your application and create an object file.
In this example, the application is represented by application dot seesaws.
While it might be possible that your application is big enough that it may have multiple source file,
if that is the case, then in step one you need to compile all the source file of your application to
create the corresponding object files for each source file.
Now, having compiled your application in a step one, in step two, actually, you will going to create
an executable so that step two is actually called a linking, right.
So in that step in which you finally create an executable, that particular step is called linking.
So you can see that the linking requires two inputs.
The first input is the object file, which represents your application, and the second input is the
external libraries.
So in this case, the external library is libidinal dot a file.
And of course, the second input is your application object files.
So you can see in the second command, this is the name of the compiler, followed by the list of object
files which represent the application.
So in this case, we have only one object files.
Therefore the specified application got all that minus also, which is used to specify the name of the
executable that we want to create.
So in this case, we are creating an executable.
Exactly.
Right now, your executable that you are going to create is dependent on the external library and this
external library file could be present anywhere in your system.
So minus ELT's, which is used to specify the part where this library is present.
Now, in our case, this library is present in the current directory.
Therefore, minus L followed by DOT here does not represent the current directory in which you are actually
executing the commands.
You can also specify some other part here, like as well, slash home slash, we are in certain part
like this, right?
And now finally, you specify the library with which you want to link your executable.
Now, the convention to specify the library is like minus L and the name of the library, Suhair, of
the name of the library, as you can see, is Island not a right.
So replace this live keyword by just minus L, followed by this deal name.
Right.
So what you get minus LDL.
So this is the convention that you need to follow.
Similarly, if your library name was label, suppose three dot eight, suppose this is the name of the
library, then you would have specified minus L and three.
That's it.
So after the completion of the step two, you will see an executable that has been created and then
you can run this executable and it will just run fine.
So not that creation of Object File is called compilation, whereas creation of executable is called
linking.
And you can see that in linking one of the input includes the external libraries, in this case, the
external library is our link list library, but it might be possible that your application is dependent
on various other external libraries.
For example, your application might be using three stacks cuz or any other data structures which are
provided to you as a compiled static libraries.
So if that was the case, then here you would have to specify all those liabilities on which you are
executable was dependent.
Now, let us see a quick demo regarding how we can create this executable and run this program so you
can see that in this directory, that is library designing, application integration.
And in this directory, I already have the static library file and application dot file, but I do not
have the executable.
Right.
So now I will going to create an executable by following the three steps that I have just discussed.
So the first step is to create an object file for the application.
So here you can create the object file for the application.
The second step is to create the executable and linking with the library.
So, Jinksy.
So you can see that the final executable has been created and you can simply run this executable and
it will run.
So this is how you create a final executable by compiling your executable with the external libraries
on which your executable is dependent.